new conan report diff documentation (#4127)
conan-io/docs: reference/commands/report/diff.rst

.. _reference_commands_report_diff:

conan report diff
=================

.. autocommand::
    :command: conan report diff -h

The ``conan report diff`` command gets the differences between two recipes, also comparing their sources.
This functionality allows you to compare either two versions of the same recipe or two entirely different recipes.
Each recipe (old and new) can be identified in one of two ways: by providing both the path to its ``conanfile.py`` and
its reference, or by specifying just the reference.

When only a reference is given, Conan will first search for the recipe in the local cache; if it is not found, it will
attempt to download it from the configured remotes. If no revision is explicitly provided, Conan will
default to using the latest available revision.

**Examples**

> If we want to compare versions 1.0 and 2.0 of "mylibrary" that are available on our remotes, it would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we want to compare versions 1.0 and 2.0 of "mylibrary" that are available on our `my-remote` remote, it would be:
```

.. code-block:: bash

    $ conan report diff --old-reference="mylib/1.0" --new-reference="mylib/2.0" -r=my-remote

This is how it would look if one of the versions is on the remote and the other is not. The version that is not on the
remote requires the path to the recipe in order to compare it.

.. code-block:: bash

    $ conan report diff -or="mylib/1.0" --old-path="path/to/recipe" -nr="mylib/2.0"
    $ conan report diff -or="mylib/1.0" -nr="mylib/2.0" --new-path="path/to/recipe"

>     $ conan report diff -or="mylib/1.0" --old-path="path/to/recipe" -nr="mylib/2.0" --new-path="path/to/recipe"

Reviewer 2: this is a bit confusing, and also mixing abbreviated arguments with the ones that are not, can you elaborate a bit more on the previous paragraphs about each of the arguments and how they should be used please?

.. _reference_commands_report_diff:

conan report diff
=================

.. autocommand::
    :command: conan report diff -h

The ``conan report diff`` command gets the differences between two recipes, also comparing their sources.
This functionality allows you to compare either two versions of the same recipe or two entirely different recipes.
Each recipe (old and new) can be identified in one of two ways: by providing both the path to its ``conanfile.py`` and
its reference, or by specifying just the reference.

When only a reference is given, Conan will first search for the recipe in the local cache; if it is not found, it will
attempt to download it from the configured remotes. If no revision is explicitly provided, Conan will
default to using the latest available revision.

> **Examples**

Reviewer 2: I find this section still a bit confusing, a couple of suggestions:

To improve clarity, would it be possible to structure the examples to show one dedicated example for each of the main use cases? I think this would make the purpose of the `--...-reference` and `--...-path` arguments much easier to understand at a glance.

For example:

* `ref` vs `ref`
* `local path` vs `ref`
* `ref` vs `local path`
* `local path` vs `local path`

Also, for consistency, sticking to either the long or short form of the arguments within each example might help readability.

> If we want to compare versions 1.0 and 2.0 of "mylibrary" that are available on our `my-remote` remote, it would be:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If we want to compare versions 1.0 and 2.0 of `mylib` that are available on our `my-remote` remote, it would be:
```
